Our project deals about the plant monitoring mechanism which gives information about the temperature pressure, humidity. This can be done by using various sensors like temperature pressure and humidity sensing sensors. This will be enhancing the growth of plant. The two modes of operating system: a)When it detects if the plant need some water, it will be watering the plants. b)A manual mode where you can control the servos and relays manually.


Conclusion:- This whole project mainly focuses on two results. The first result is to help farmers to upgrade their agriculture – technical knowledge, act in accordingly with minimum requirements on environmental issues and mostly the basic function being prevented by major disasters and protect plants and nature from being ruptured. and thus, the second results of our project is to use technology to measure the humidity, temperature and moisture of the plant root and make the plant grow during a well suitable environment without the employment of soil as per the concept of hydroponics. The farmer or user receives the message regarding the status and thus helps in avoiding delay of plant watering and protect the plant to live during an acceptable environment. This proposed work is created to assist the farmers and make their harvest economical by helping them in security purpose travelling side, college and for each bodies etc. By this work, the wastage of water and therefore the consumption of power by motor will be reduced in order that they're conserved for the long run use. this method provides complete monitoring action of sensors in fields that's very easy to manage the sector. It also provides huge security to the plants.
